

furious lions sound the song of Joy
Truly, My Satan, thou art but a Dunce
the study of angels, the workmanship of demons
The cruel joy of Luvah's daughters, lacerating with knives
The lust of the goat is the bounty of God.
If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.
O Urizen! Creator of men! mistaken Demon of heaven!

Every Wolf's & Lion's howl raises from Hell a Human Soul.
 


And builds a Heaven in Hell's despair

But Mark! Active Evil is better than Passive Good.
And the just man rages in the wilds where lions roam.


Mad, he danc'd on his mountains high & dark as heaven.
Dazzling around thy skirts like a Serpent of precious stones

I will not Reason & Compare: my business is to Create.
But the Human Wine stood wondering;
Calling on God for help, and not ourselves, in whom God dwells,
I just went through a copy of his Collected Works and keyed into my
And in its Holiness is closed the Abomination of Desolation.
Thy Heaven doors are my Hell Gates;


A dragon form, clashing his scales: at midnight he arose,

Am I not Lucifer the Great, and you my daughters?


Art thou she that made the nations drunk with the cup of Religion?
Now the sneaking serpent walks in mild humility
More Blakeisms:
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.

This Angel, who is now become a Devil, is my particular friend
The tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.
They catch the shrieks in cups of gold,
Mystery, Babylon the Great, The Druid Dragon & hidden Harlot
I highly recommend a study of William Blake. You might start with The
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
The wrath of the lion is the wisdom of God.
Marriage of Heaven and Hell.
tagfile any lines that struck my eye.
Brothels with bricks of Religion.

America is darken'd; and my punishing Demons, terrified,

The nakedness of woman is the work of God.
Prisons are built with stones of Law,



And was Jerusalem builded here among these dark Satanic Mills?
Suffer not the fashionable Fools to depress your powers
I must Create a System or be enslav'd by another Man's.
And builds a Hell in Heaven's despite

Every thing possible to be believ'd is an image of truth.
